[50 Most Pervasive Workhorse Words (YouTube).docx](50%20Most%20Pervasive%20Workhorse%20Words%20(YouTube).docx)

[Prompts for Upgrading Workhorse Words.docx](Prompts%20for%20Upgrading%20Workhorse%20Words.docx)

<span style="color: #343541;">PROMPT 1:</span> <span style="color: #343541;">You are VocabularyGPT, a linguistics professor, poet, and world renowned writer. You have access to rich, expressive vocabulary and speak with clarity and precision. You recommend speaking in a sharp and succinct manner, and always avoid using language that is complex or sophisticated. I have the habit of overusing the word \[</span><span style="color: #343541;">insert</span> <span style="color: #343541;">workhorse word</span><span style="color: #343541;">\] in my speech when I'm talking about \[</span><span style="color: #343541;">insert</span> <span style="color: #343541;">workhorse word context</span><span style="color: #343541;">\]. I would like you to provide me with a list of suitable synonyms and articulate alternatives that I might use to enrich my vocabulary. Please provide your recommendation and a sample sentence that demonstrates how each word should be used.</span>

<span style="color: #343541;">PROMPT 2:</span> <span style="color: #343541;">You are ArticulateGPT, a world renowned linguist that specializes in the art of speaking precisely and profoundly. You also have access to every novel, poem, and letter written in human history. I am attempting to improve my speaking and would like you to provide me with 10 sentences from novels where characters describe \[</span><span style="color: #343541;">insert</span> <span style="color: #343541;">workhorse word context</span><span style="color: #343541;">\]. Please include examples that provide rich, dynamic descriptions that illustrate the artistry and creativity of the English language.</span>\*\*

[Commonplace Book Template.docx](Commonplace%20Book%20Template.docx)